
Whats your favorite way to spend a day off?
What type of music are you into?
What was the best vacation you ever took and why?
Where’s the next place on your travel bucket list and why?
What are your hobbies, and how did you get into them?
What was your favorite age growing up?
Was the last thing you read?
Would you say you’re more of an extrovert or an introvert?
Whats your favorite ice cream topping?
What was the last TV show you binge-watched?
Are you into podcasts or do you only listen to music?
Do you have a favorite holiday? Why or why not?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Do you like going to the movies or prefer watching at home?
Whats your favorite sleeping position?
Whats your go-to guilty pleasure?
In the summer, would you rather go to the beach or go camping?
Whats your favorite quote from a TV show/movie/book?
How old were you when you had your first celebrity crush, and who was it?
Whats one thing that can instantly make your day better?
Do you have any pet peeves?
Which meal is your favorite: breakfast, lunch, or dinner?
What song always gets you out on the dance floor?
When you were a kid, did you eat the crusts on your sandwich or not?
What activity instantly calms you?
Ideally, how would you spend your birthday?
What do you do on your commute to/from work?
Do you have a favorite type of exercise?
Whats your favorite season and why?
Whats the best joke youve ever heard?
Whats the phone app you use most?
Would you rather cook or order in?
Have your ever disliked something and then changed your mind?
Whats your favorite board game?
How do you take your coffee?
Is there any product that you couldnt live without?
Do you sleep with a top sheet? Why or why not?
If you could have any exotic animal as a pet, which would it be?
What would be the first thing youd do if you won the lottery?
Whats your favorite thing about your current job?
What annoys you most?
Whats the career highlight you’re most proud of?
Do you think you’ll stay in your current gig awhile? Why or why not?
What type of role do you want to take on after this one?
Are you more of a "work to live" or a "live to work" type of person?
Does your job make you feel happy and fulfilled? Why or why not?
How would your 10-year-old self react to what you do now?
What do you remember most about your first job?
How old were you when you started working?
Whats the worst job you’ve ever had?
What originally got you interested in your current field of work?
Have you ever had a side hustle or considered having one?
Whats your favorite part of the workday?
Whats the best career decision you’ve ever made?
Whats the worst career decision you’ve ever made?
Do you consider yourself good at networking?
What career advice would you give to your younger self?
Do you believe in having a "five-year plan"?
How do you separate your work life from your home life?
When will you know youve "made it"?
Are you looking forward to retiring, or do you plan to work as long as possible?
Have you ever had "imposter syndrome"?
What do you think about workaholics?
What qualities do you look for in a boss?
Do you have a professional mentor? If not, do you want one?
Do you have a work best friend?
Are you into after-work happy hours?
How do you motivate yourself in your career?
Whats the best career advice youve ever heard?
Whats the worst career advice youve ever received?
When you started your current job, what most surprised you?
How do you pick yourself back up after making a mistake at work?
How do you deal with work stress?
What energizes you about your career?
Whats one work-related thing you want to accomplish in the next year?
Who has had the biggest impact on your career choice?
What does your family think of your career?
Whats the best thing youve learned in your current position?
If you could do it all over again, would you pursue the same career? Why or why not?
How much time do you spend with your family?
Who do you most like spending time with and why?
Were you close with your family growing up?
How do you define your family now?
What traits are most important to you in your family members?
Who are you the closest to and why?
Do you want a family of your own?
Whats your favorite family tradition?
If you could change your relationship with a family member, would you? If so, with whom?
What was it like growing up as the youngest/oldest/middle/only child?
Does your family ever take trips together?
Whats your favorite family memory?
What TV family most reminds you of your own?
Do you ever wish you were raised differently?
Whats the best piece of advice a family member has given you?
Do you wish you had more siblings? If so, why?
Did you ever hide anything from or lie to your parents?
If you had a family business, what would it be?
Do you and your family have any nicknames for each other?
Whats your favorite way to spend time with your family?
How do you show your family you love them?
Have you ever been to a family reunion?
Whats the most important holiday you spend with your family and why?
Who in your family would you describe as a "character"?
How do you feel about family events?
Whats something your family would be surprised to learn about you?
Which family member do you confide in most?
How do you deal with arguments between family members?
If you have children, how do you want to raise them?
Whats more important: family or friends?
Do you have any friends you would consider family?
Has your family ever pressured you to act a certain way?
Did you ever get to meet your great-grandparents?
What personality traits do you share with your relatives?
What physical traits do you share with your relatives?
What stories did your family members tell you growing up?
How did your parents (and/or grandparents) meet?
What makes you proud of your family?
Whos the newest member of your family?
What can always bring your family together?
Whats a relationship deal breaker for you?
If you had only one sense (hearing, touch, sight, etc) which would you choose?
What is your definition of success?
What makes you feel at peace?
What are you most proud of in the last year?
What makes you feel most accomplished?
Who do you admire most in the world?
Would you rather make more money doing a job you hate or less doing one you love?
Which of your personality traits are you most proud of?
Whats the first thing you look for in a partner and/or friend?
How has your perspective on the world changed over time?
Do you live by any piece of advice or motto?
How can someone earn your trust?
How can someone lose your trust?
Would you rather someone be honest and hurt your feelings or lie to protect them?
If you could snap your fingers and instantly make the world better, what would you do?
Do you believe in astrology? Why or why not?
Have you ever lost a friend? If so, what happened?
If you could only teach one thing to your (future) child, what would it be?
Whats the scariest thing you’ve ever done, and why did you do it?
Do you believe in second chances?
Where do you get your news?
What is your biggest irrational fear?
Are you active on social media, or do you prefer to be more private?
Do you volunteer at all?
Are you an organ donor, and how did you come to that decision?
Do you believe you should do one thing a day that scares you?
What, if anything, do you think happens after death?
What line should someone never cross with you?
How do you define beauty?
Do you believe in life on other planets?
How do you interact with someone who disagrees with you?
If you could do anything, besides what youre doing now, what would you do?
What do you regret not doing in the last year?
Whats on your bucket list?
If you had unlimited money to start your own business what would it be?
If you found out today was your last day on earth what would you do?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
A genie gives you three wishes—what are they?
If you had the opportunity to be immortal, would you take it?
Which famous person in history would you want to spend the day with?
If you could time travel, when and where would you go?
Do you think youll likely accomplish all your dreams?
If you could magically become famous, would you want to?
If you could relive one moment in your life, which would it be?
If you see a puddle on the ground, do you walk around it or over it?
If you could have a super power, what would it be?
If you could go back to anytime in history, where would you go?
If you came back in your next life as an animal, what animal would you be?
If you got to name a new country, how would you decide what to call it?
What would be the title of your memoir?
Do you hit the snooze button or wake up immediately?
Whats the first thing you do in the morning?
Whats the last thing you do at night?
Do you believe in any conspiracy theories (no judgement)?
Do you think iced coffee should only be consumed in the summer or all year round?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Whats your idea of a perfect date (yes, of the calendar year)?
Whats the most unusual place you’ve fallen asleep?
At a party, where can someone find you?
Do you wash your legs in the shower?
Who would play you in the movie of your life?
When making a PB&J sandwich, do you put on the peanut butter or jelly first?
Do you have any allergies?
Do you trust your own memory? Why or why not?
Which fictional character do you relate to most?
What, if anything, would make you walk out in the middle of a movie?
When was the last time you cried and why?
Whats your most controversial opinion about something mundane?
Do you "stan" any celebrities?
Whats your go-to midnight snack?
What was your all-time favorite Halloween costume?
Whats the weirdest thing you do when youre alone?
Do you have any recurring dreams?
Whats the silliest argument youve ever been in?
Whats the worst argument youve ever been in?
Whats your opinion on modern art?
If you could choose how to die, would you? If so, what would you choose?
Whats the most ridiculous outfit youve ever worn?
What was the first thing you wanted to be when you grew up?
If you could own a mythical creature which would you choose?
Whats your least favorite place in the world?
Would you rather have your dishes or clothes be magically clean?
Whats your favorite story about yourself?
If you could change anything about yourself, would you? If so, what and why?
Who is your hero?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What would you change about yourself if you could?
What really makes you angry?
What motivates you to work hard?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your biggest complaint about your job?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What is your childs proudest accomplishment?
What is your favorite book to read?
What makes you laugh the most?
What was the last movie you went to? What did you think?
What did you want to be when you were small?
What does your child want to be when he/she grows up?
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
Would you rather ride a bike, ride a horse, or drive a car?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who is your favorite author?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
How would your friends describe you?
What are your hobbies?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
What are two of your pet peeves?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
If you were a super-hero, what powers would you have?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What form of public transportation do you prefer? (air, boat, train, bus, car, etc.)
Whats your favorite zoo animal?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
If you could share a meal with any 4 individuals, living or dead, who would they be?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
Whats the longest youve gone without sleep (and why)?
Whats the tallest building youve been to the top in?
Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
How often do you buy clothes?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
Whats your favorite holiday?
Whats the most daring thing youve ever done?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
What was the last book you read?
Whats your favorite type of foreign food?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
Whats your favorite fast food chain?
Whats your favorite family recipe?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
Whats your favorite family tradition?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
Whats your favorite movie?
How old were you when you learned Santa wasnt real? How did you find out?
Is your glass half full or half empty?
Whats the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What was your favorite subject in school?
Whats the most unusual thing youve ever eaten?
Do you collect anything?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
Which of the five senses would you say is your strongest?
Have you ever had a surprise party? (that was an actual surprise)
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
What do you do to keep fit?
Does your family have a “motto” – spoken or unspoken?
If you were ruler of your own country what would be the first law you would introduce?
Who was your favorite teacher in school and why?
What three things do you think of the most each day?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
What song would you say best sums you up?
What celebrity would you like to meet at Starbucks for a cup of coffee?
Who was your first crush?
Whats the most interesting thing you can see out of your office or kitchen window?
On a scale of 1-10 how funny would you say you are?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What was your first job?
If you could join any past or current music group which would you want to join?
How many languages do you speak?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
Who is the most intelligent person you know?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
What is one thing you will never do again?
Who knows you the best?